Cpp scoped enums (#1789)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/enum/enum.md

  std::cout << month;
}
```

## Scoped Enums

Scoped enums are a feature added in C++11.

Scoped enums differ from unscoped enums by:

- Containing their constants in their namespace.
- Being strongly-typed.
- By containing their constants to their namespace, scoped enumerations avoid name conflicts with other enumerations.

## Example

```cpp
enum class WeekDay {sun, mon, tue, wed, thu, fri, sat};

> WeekDay day = WeekDay::sun; // Notice how we need to preface "sun" with "Weekday::"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WeekDay day = WeekDay::sun; // Notice that "sun" is prefaced with "Weekday::"
```

int friday = WeekDay::fri; // error, must cast to an int
```

Here's an example where scoped enumerations avoid name collisions:

```cpp
enum class LogResult {Success, InvalidFileName, WriteError};
enum class SocketResult {Success, InvalidAddrError, TimeoutError};

> LogResult logger_result = log(...);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LogResult logger_result = LogResult::Success;
```

> if (logger_result == LogResult::Success) {...} // Because Success is scoped to LogResult, it doesn't collide with SocketResult::Success

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if (logger_result == LogResult::Success) { // Because Success is scoped to LogResult, it doesn't collide with SocketResult::Success
  // ...
}
```

  std::cout << month;
}
```

## Scoped Enums

> **Scoped enums** are a feature added in C++11.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scoped enums are a feature added in C++11.
```

Author: Changed

Scoped enums differ from unscoped enums by:

> - Containing their constants in their namespace
> - Being strongly typed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Containing their constants in their namespace.
- Being strongly-typed.
```

> By containing their constants to their namespace, scoped enumerations avoid name conflicts with other enumerations.

Reviewer: Incorporate these with the bullet points above

> Example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example
```

Author: Changed

```cpp
enum class WeekDay {sun, mon, tue, wed, thu, fri, sat};
//...

> Weekday day = WeekDay::sun; // Notice how we need to preface "sun" with "Weekday::"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WeekDay day = WeekDay::sun; // Notice how we need to preface "sun" with "WeekDay::"
```

Author: Thanks for catching that!

int friday = WeekDay::fri; // error, must cast to an int
```

> Here's an example where scoped enums avoid name collisions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example where scoped enumerations avoid name collisions:
```

```cpp

> enum class LogResult {Sucess, InvalidFileName, WriteError};

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
enum class LogResult {Success, InvalidFileName, WriteError};
```

Author: I didn't see the typo, thanks!

enum class SocketResult {Success, InvalidAddrError, TimeoutError};

> //...

Reviewer: Did you mean to input a comment

LogResult logger_result = log(...);

> if (logger_result == LogResult::Sucess) {...} // Because Sucess is scoped to LogResult, it doesn't collide with SocketResult::Success

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if (logger_result == LogResult::Success) {...} // Because Success is scoped to LogResult, it doesn't collide with SocketResult::Success
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
